---
title: Thoth. Stng. App
date: 2025-10-17T02:34:20.256Z
description: Card 1 of the Major Arcana deck of Thoth
image: magus_thothtarot.jpg
---
The Magus, also known as The Magician in some tarot traditions, holds a central position in the Thoth tarot deck. Created by Aleister Crowley and illustrated by Lady Frieda Harris, this card symbolizes the raw potential and creative power inherent in every individual. The image features a figure poised confidently at a table, surrounded by the classic symbols of the four suits: the wand, cup, sword, and pentacle. This arrangement highlights the Magus's mastery over these elements and serves as a reminder of the capabilities one possesses to shape reality through intention and skill.In the context of the Thoth deck, The Magus represents the beginning of all things and the manifestation of ideas into existence. Crowley's interpretation emphasizes the importance of communication and willpower as tools for transformation. The card invites individuals to recognize their ability to influence their environment actively. With its elemental connections and associations with the conscious mind, The Magus encourages self-discovery and harnessing one's potential to bring forth change and innovation in various aspects of life.Furthermore, The Magus is infused with symbolism that resonates beyond individual empowerment. It embodies the principle of balance between thought and action, illustrating the need for both creativity and practicality in achieving one's goals. In this way, the card serves as a reminder that true mastery involves not only the knowledge of skills but also the wisdom to apply them effectively. By exploring the teachings of The Magus within the Thoth deck, individuals can gain insights into their journey of self-realization and the continuous interplay between perception and action.